The Otari Mill is known locally as the Giant’s Wheel, as its towering, 30-foot-diameter waterwheel is truly a sight to behold. The wheel’s immense size is needed to generate enough torque to power the mechanized treadmill loading logs into the flume and keep the saws running within the mill. Much of the lumberyard’s income comes from the town’s two larger lumber families, who pay to have their lumber processed here. The mill is a noisy place, with the constant grinding and churning of the wheel itself competing with the whine of the saws and the clatter of the loading ramp. 

The Menhemes family leaves the day-to-day administration of the mill to a heavily scarred half-orc foreman named Klorte Hengus. In his youth, Klorte made a name for himself in Absalom’s gladiatorial arena, the Irorium, by fighting with paired hatchets and picked up the moniker “the Lumberjacker.” Klorte has put that violent past behind him and fails to see any ironic humor in the fact that he’s now employed by honest-to-goodness lumberjacks.
> [!tip]+ Flavor
> #### THE ROSEGUARD 
> An adventuring party who made their name in Absalom, the Roseguard, defeated the villainous Belcorra Haruvex and founded what’s now the logging town of Otari. Today, the people of Otari honor them on founders’ day, 3 Desnus. The Roseguard consisted of the following heroes. 
> - **Aesephna Menhemes:** Aesephna was the party’s healer. She was a cleric of Erastil who was always more comfortable in smaller towns than big cities. 
> - **Otari Ilvashti:** Otari, the group’s rogue, was an optimist who kept the others hopeful with his charm and humor, even during their darkest hours. 
> - **Vol Rajani:** Vol was the party’s fighter, a capable and no-nonsense swordswoman who claimed to be exiled royalty from Nidal. 
>-  **Zarmavdian:** The group’s wizard was a well-educated diviner who pursued outlandish conspiracy theories and occult lore.

### THE GIANT’S WHEEL LUMBER MILL 
- **Address** 10 Miller’s Road 
- **Klorte Hengus** (LN male half-orc foreman 5, Indifferent, [[Perception]] DC 20, Will DC 20). If the heroes earn the support of the Giant’s Wheel, Klorte allows them to [[Earn Income]] using Survival by patrolling the flume’s length. If you choose, encounters with local wildlife might liven up a shift of flume-walking. If Klorte warms to the heroes, he might even gift them one of his old +1 hatchets.