Any town with a successful economy inevitably generates its own homegrown band of thieves and scoundrels, and Otari is no exception. Crook’s Nook serves several purposes: it’s a public bridge over the Osprey River, a tavern known for serving the best seafood in town, and a cheap place to stay for the night. Its attic serves as the guildhall for Otari’s thieves’ guild, the Osprey Club—a function that’s perhaps the town’s worst-kept secret, as evidenced by the edifice’s very name. 

The owner of Crook’s Nook is a lanky woman named Yinyasmera. While she has never run for mayor, her influence in town remains as strong as that of any publicly elected official. Yinyasmera keeps her illicit operations from overly inconveniencing Otari’s citizens, so Captain Longsaddle turns a blind eye.

#### CROOK’S NOOK INN/TAVERN 
- **DISCOUNT EMPLOYER HOUSING PARLOR**
- **Address** 10 Wisp Street
- **Wares** beverages, meals, lodging, illicit goods, thieves’ gear
- **Yinyasmera** (CN female human smuggler 5, [[Indifferent]],
[[Perception]] DC 22, Will DC 20). If the heroes return
Yinyasmera’s missing “employees” (see area A17’s Side
Quest on page 32), Crook’s Nook supports them as long
as they keep quiet about the Osprey Club. If Crook’s
Nook supports the heroes and they express interest
in illicit work, Yinyasmera suggests minor crimes
against visitors (pickpocketing, petty burglary, con
games, and the like). This allows the heroes to Earn
Income using Thievery, but on a critical failure, their
actions are spotted, and Yinyasmera cuts them off
from future jobs. Further legal woes might arise for the
heroes as well, at your discretion.