Otari’s largest temple stands at the town’s westernmost edge, atop an upraised shelf that juts out far below the clifftop. The library is constructed in the Qadiran style of Sarenite temples, with two smaller minarets flanking a golden dome. The building’s position allows it to catch the rays of the rising sun, which transforms the dome into a brilliantly glowing testament to the sun goddess—at least, on days that aren’t fogged in or overcast.

A dozen acolytes of various faiths attend to Dawnflower Library. Shrines to Cayden Cailean, Erastil, and Gozreh can be found in the western portion of the building, while the primary shrine to Sarenrae takes up the eastern portion. The rest of the building contains the stacks. Dawnflower Library has a wide range of books ranging from fiction to history, satire to textbook, and even includes a sizable collection of (mostly) tasteful erotica. The current head priestess of the library is a chatty halfling woman named Vandy Banderdash, a devotee of Sarenrae. Always eager to greet newcomers regardless of their faith or vocation—with the exception of thieves, whom she can’t abide—Vandy has a strange knack for recommending literature tailored to the tastes of people she only just met.

#### DAWNFLOWER LIBRARY 
- **CHURCH DISCOUNT LIBRARY**
- **Address** 10 Dawnflower Street
- **Wares** [[healing]] magic, religious items (including +1 versions of
the favored weapons of Otari’s most prominent religions:
rapiers, longbows, tridents, and scimitars), [[divine]] scrolls
Spellcasting Divine spells are available for purchase
from Vandy or her acolytes. [[Heal]], [[Remove Disease]],
and [[Restoration]] are always available, with other spells
available at your discretion.
- **Vandy Banderdash** (NG female halfling [[cleric]] of Sarenrae 5,
[[Friendly]], [[Perception]] DC 20, Will DC 22).