Two dozen standing stones, each exactly 12 feet high, stand sentinel around the shores of this shallow pond. These stones were raised generations ago by the church of Gozreh soon after Otari was retaken from the Stonescale kobolds and have remained a place of worship for druids, rangers, and naturalists ever since. The waters of the pond are unusually reflective but, despite whispered rumors, aren’t magical. 

A small cabal of nomadic clerics and druids faithful to Gozreh include Stone Ring Pond in their peregrinations, and there’s always a few temporarily camping nearby. For the most part, these travelers have avoided contact with Otari for 30 years, ever since one of their number, Jaul Mezmin, soured their relationship with the town. A werewolf who had kept his nature from even the other priests, Jaul lost control one night and slaughtered a half dozen locals before he was driven over the cliffside into the ocean below. His body was never recovered. 

About five years after Jaul’s disappearance, an idealistic gnome druid named Worliwynn heard of Jaul’s rampage and came to Otari specifically to [[repair]] the damage the [[werewolf]] had done to the Gozrens’ reputation and guide locals interested in living in greater harmony with the land. A generation later, Worliwynn has been largely successful, with the significant exception of still-grieving Keeleno Lathenar. Worliwynn shares more than grief with Keeleno. She also suspects that Jaul survived his fall from the cliff. She patrols the Otari hinterlands nightly, vigilant for any sign that Jaul might have returned to his old hunting grounds.

#### STONE RING POND-TEMPLE
- **CHURCH LODGE**
- **Wares** [[druid]] equipment, nature-themed magic items,
primal scrolls
- **Spellcasting** [[Divine]] and [[primal]] spells are available for
purchase from Worliwynn or the Gozrens. Dispel
magic, [[Heal]], [[Purify Food and Drink]], and [[Restore Senses]]
are always available, with other spells available at
your discretion.
- **Worliwynn** (NG female gnome [[druid]] 4, [[Friendly]], [[Perception]]
DC 19, Will DC 21). Stone Ring Pond automatically
supports the heroes if they deliver justice to Jaul Mezmin
(see area D14’s Side Quest on page 79), whether by killing
or capturing him.

