This curio shop bears no sign, but locals know it as Wrin’s Wonders: a place to marvel at whatever strange new trinkets and offerings its equally strange owner might have come across. The structure consists of a ring of what appear to be standing stones arranged in a 60-foot-diameter circle surrounding a 15-foot-high dome of wooden beams covered with triangular pieces of canvas. Closer inspection of the standing “stones” reveals that they’re also made of wood frames and canvas, cleverly painted to resemble granite. The area between the central dome and the surrounding circle is a collection of other dome-shaped tents used to store the shop’s wares. When it’s not raining, the fabric of these domes is pulled aside so shoppers can admire what’s for sale in the light of the sun—or the moon, for that matter, as Wrin’s Wonders is always open. 

Wrin Sivinxi has what she regards as a very good reason for the curio shop’s strange arrangement—she sees safety in curves and menace in angles and suffers from a touch of claustrophobia. The central dome is her domicile, and she’s painted the interior surfaces to resemble a night sky featuring all the constellations of the Cosmic Caravan, so that even on overcast nights she can fall asleep under the stars. More information about Wrin appears on page 18.

### WRIN’S WONDERS
**Address** 60 Osprey Street 

- **Wares** adventuring gear, eclectic bric-a-brac, magic items (non-ammunition consumable items, held items, staves, wands, worn items) 
- **Fortune Telling** Wrin performs an astrological fortune telling (using her Read the Stars ability) for anyone who provides her with an unusual item or story. 
- **Spellcasting** Wrin’s spellcasting services are available, but she’s limited to the spells listed in her stat block (page 19). 
- **Wrin Sivinxi** (CG female tiefling elf oddities merchant 5, Friendly, Perception DC 22, Will DC 22). Wrin’s Wonders supports the heroes as long as Wrin’s convinced they’re making genuine efforts to explore Gauntlight’s mysteries. When Wrin’s Wonders supports the heroes, Wrin Reads the Stars for them for free as often as they’d like.
