### 1. ROLL INITIATIVE 
Initiative determines the order in which heroes and monsters act during combat. To determine everyone’s initiative, have each player roll a d20 and add their Perception. You roll for the monsters, rolling once for each group of the same kind. Write down all of these scores in order from highest to lowest—that’s the order for everyone’s turn. Monsters win ties, but if there is a tie between heroes, their players decide who goes first. 

### 2. TAKE TURNS 
Each hero and monster gets one turn per round, in initiative order. On its turn, a creature can use 3 actions. Everyone can use the basic actions, and most creatures have special actions that only they can use. These are listed on a hero’s character sheet, or in the monster’s information (called a stat block). Things that cost actions use the symbol [one-action] for 1 action, [two-actions] for 2 actions, and [three-actions] for 3 actions. You can’t save actions between turns. In addition, everyone can use 1 reaction each round. Reactions are marked with the [reaction] symbol. Reactions can be used only at certain times, and each reaction specifies when it can be used—sometimes even when it’s not the creature’s turn. Once a creature has used a reaction in a round, it can’t use another reaction until the start of its next turn. Not every creature has a reaction they can use. Every creature can do common tasks using basic actions, like Interact, Stride, and Strike. Monster stat blocks have entries that give details for their Stride and Strike actions. Speaking or dropping something doesn’t take an action. You can find a full list of basic actions in the Player Reference Cards, and the full rules on page 65 of the Hero’s Handbook. 

### 3. START A NEW ROUND 
Once each creature has taken its turn, the round is over. Start a new round by returning to Step 2, using the same initiative order established in Step 1. Combat continues until one side is defeated or runs away. 

### ADDITIONAL RULES 
The following rules come up frequently in combat. 

### Success and Failure 
Each time you roll a d20, add the appropriate statistic and compare the total to the Difficulty Class (DC), or Armor Class (AC) for an attack, to see how well you did against the challenge! If you meet or exceed the DC, you succeed. If you exceed the DC by 10 or more, you get a critical success! If your result is lower than the DC, you fail. If the result was 10 lower than the DC (or even less), you get a critical failure. Pay attention to the number you roll on the die! If you roll a 20 on the d20, use a result one step better than what you’d normally get based on your roll: critical failure becomes failure, failure becomes success, and success becomes critical success. Usually, this means you critically succeed! If you roll a 1 on the d20, do the opposite and use a result one step worse. This changes a critical success to success, success to failure, or failure to critical failure. Usually, this means you critically fail. 

### Multiple Attacks 
A creature can spend any number of its actions making attacks, but each additional swing gets less accurate. The second attack a creature makes on its turn has a –5 penalty to the d20 roll, while the third attack has a –10 penalty. Some weapons have the agile trait, meaning they’re better at making additional attacks. The penalties to second and third attacks in one turn with an agile weapon are –4 and –8, respectively. 

### Spells 
Clerics, wizards, and some monsters can cast spells. Spells usually require 2 actions to cast, but some use 1 or even 3. Each spell offers the full rules for its effects in its description. Most spells require the target to attempt a saving throw (see below) to see how well they resist its effects. Some instead ask you to attempt a spell attack roll: roll a d20 and add the creature’s spell attack, then compare the total to the target’s AC to determine the effects. 

### Saving Throws 
Some spells, traps, and abilities, like a dragon’s fiery breath, require creatures to attempt a saving throw (also called a save) to see how well they resist. Saving throws come in three types: Fortitude saves to resist diseases and poisons, Reflex saves to dodge lightning and fireballs, and Will saves to resist illusion magic and mental control. To attempt a saving throw, roll a d20 and add the specified statistic. Compare the result to the DC, and apply the effects listed for that spell, trap, or ability. Many have special effects on a critical success or critical failure! 

### Dying 
When a monster is reduced to 0 Hit Points, it is removed from play. When a hero is reduced to 0 HP, they fall unconscious instead. That hero gains the dying 1 condition (dying 2 if the attack was a critical success). The hero’s initiative moves to right before the turn when they were knocked out. On the dying hero’s turn, the player must roll a d20 without adding anything to see if they get better or worse. The DC is 10 + the value of their dying condition. If they succeed, the dying condition value goes down by 1 (or down by 2 on a critical success). If they fail, the dying condition value goes up by 1 (up by 2 on a critical failure). If a hero ever gets to dying 4, they die. If they get to dying 0, they lose the dying condition but remain unconscious. Healing a hero who is at 0 HP also removes the dying condition, and the hero returns to consciousness (although they have the prone condition). In either case, they gain the wounded 1 condition. The full rules for conditions are on page 71 of the Hero’s Handbook.